Create an application for people interested in coding to decide which language they should learn first.

Choose at least three languages that prospective learners should consider.

asks future students a series of questions about themselves and provides a language suggestion based on their answers.

Include a minimum of 5 survey questions.
Offer a minimum of 3 different language suggestions.
Don't forget regular Git commits and a detailed README. Commit messages should always be on-topic and professional in tone.

Site uses branching to return the result.
jQuery is used to show and hide the result after questions are answered and submitted. (Tip: test your app several times with different answers.)
Form gathers input from the user.
Variable names are descriptive of what they represent.
Web page is styled using Bootstrap and custom CSS.
The project is in a presentable, portfolio-quality state.
Required functionality is in place by the Friday deadline.
Project demonstrates understanding of concepts covered this week. If prompted, you are able to discuss your code with an instructor using correct terminology.

Code is clean, well-refactored, and easy-to-read. This includes correct indendation, spacing, and including only necessary comments and debugging tools.
Commits are made regularly with clear messages that finish the phrase "It will…".
Project README that includes, bare minimum:
author name
program name
detailed setup instructions
description
copyright and license information

If you finish the objectives with time to spare, consider adding additional features such as:

Ask the user for their name and address them directly in all of the responses to them: "Enrique, you ought to study Java, so you can learn how to make mobile apps for Android!".
Make questions multiple choice (like a, b, or c) and determine which track is right for a user by identifying the letter that was most frequently selected. For example: "You chose mostly a's, you should definitely study C#!".
Use fade in/out or slide in/out jQuery Effects throughout your project.
Other enhancements such as more custom CSS, animation, or modals as you desire.